data/blog/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia.mdx, before:

---
title: 'City Streets and Sights in Valencia'
ogtitle: 'City Streets and Sights in Valencia'
date: '2022-06-22'
lastmod: '2022-06-22'
tags: ['Valencia', 'Spain', 'music', 'food', 'beach']
draft: false
summary: 'In this one we talk about my journey south to Valencia and my experiences in the city'
images:
  [
    '/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/pineda-streets.jpeg',
    '/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/calella-fish-market.jpeg',
  ]
authors: ['default']
---

# Overview

¡Hola a todos! We're back! Loved all the comments I got - keep them coming.

I got some private comments asking about notifications when new posts go live. If you didn't already know, there is a mailing list for this blog where you can get updates when posts become available. If you want to be added to the mailing list simply submit a response in the following form. The mailing list is available in both English and Spanish.

<form
  action="https://formspree.io/f/mayvzdwe"
  method="POST">
  <div className="mb-6">
    <label for="text" className="block mb-2 font-medium text-gray-900 text-md dark:text-gray-300">Your full name:</label>
    <input type="text" name="full name" id="fullname" className="bg-gray-50 border border-gray-300 text-gray-900 text-sm rounded-lg focus:ring-primary-500 focus:border-primary-500 block w-full p-2.5 dark:bg-gray-700 dark:border-gray-600 dark:placeholder-gray-400 dark:text-white dark:focus:ring-primary-500 dark:focus:border-primary-500" placeholder="Juan Doe" required/>
  </div>
  <div className="mb-6">
    <label for="email" className="block mb-2 font-medium text-gray-900 text-md dark:text-gray-300">Your email:</label>
    <input type="email" name="email"id="email" className="bg-gray-50 border border-gray-300 text-gray-900 text-sm rounded-lg focus:ring-primary-500 focus:border-primary-500 block w-full p-2.5 dark:bg-gray-700 dark:border-gray-600 dark:placeholder-gray-400 dark:text-white dark:focus:ring-primary-500 dark:focus:border-primary-500" placeholder="juandoe@mail.com" required/>
  </div>

  <fieldset>
  <legend className="sr-only">Languages</legend>
  <div className="flex flex-col mb-4">
    <label for="email" className="block font-medium text-gray-900 text-md dark:text-gray-300">Your preferred language:</label>
    <div className="flex items-center">
    <input id="country-option-1" type="radio" name="preferred language" value="English" className="w-4 h-4 border-gray-300 focus:ring-2 focus:ring-primary-300 dark:focus:ring-primary-600 dark:focus:bg-primary-600 dark:bg-gray-700 dark:border-gray-600" checked/>
    <label for="country-option-1" className="block ml-2 text-sm font-medium text-gray-900 dark:text-gray-300">
        English
    </label>
     <input id="preferred-language-option-2" type="radio" name="preferred language" value="Spanish" className="w-4 h-4 ml-4 border-gray-300 focus:ring-2 focus:ring-primary-300 dark:focus:ring-primary-600 dark:bg-gray-700 dark:border-gray-600"/>
    <label for="preferred-language-option-2" className="block ml-2 text-sm font-medium text-gray-900 dark:text-gray-300">
      Spanish
    </label>
    </div>
  </div>

</fieldset>
  <button type="submit" className="text-white bg-primary-700 hover:bg-primary-800 focus:ring-4 focus:outline-none focus:ring-primary-300 font-medium rounded-lg text-sm w-full sm:w-auto px-5 py-2.5 text-center dark:bg-primary-600 dark:hover:bg-primary-700 dark:focus:ring-primary-800">Submit</button>
</form>

Also, someone mentioned to me that they liked how the last post had more pictures and that it made it easier to see my experiences. I totally agree. So this post I'm going to have even MORE pictures. How about that.

# Background

This time I depart from the small Pineda de Mar, Catalonia to switch regions to the very populous region of Valencia - specifically to the capital city, also called Valencia.

## Where are you right now?

Right now I'm in the capital of Valencia, also called Valencia (for clarity, from here on out if I just say Valencia I'm talking about the capital city).

For reference, here is the region of Valencia on a map:

![Valencia on a map](/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-on-map.jpg)

<br> </br>

# My Travels

Done with the background, let's get into the travels.

## Train Logistics

After I got back to Barcelona, I caught a connecting train the next morning to Valencia. What was cool about this train was that it wasn't just any train, it was a bullet train. Check out these cool pictures:

As you can guess the train was very quiet and it went pretty fast.

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/bullet-train-front.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="pineda streets"
/>

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/bullet-train-seats.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="pineda streets"
/>

It was a long wait for the train in Barcelona, so when I was in the station I went looking for a bathroom. That's when I saw this terrible sight:

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/one-hundred-bathrooms.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="pineda streets"
/>

That's right, a paid bathroom. And even worse, there were **_only_** paid bathrooms in the entire train station. I think this is a good point for me to say, for the record, I think the concept of a paid bathroom is just attrocious. Why do we need to take something that is already a publicly available (as well as completely free) and just slap a 1 euro fee on it? If I really wanted to listen to music in the bathroom, I would just put in my headphones...

This is one of the ways I think Americanisms are rubbing off on Spain a little too much. We don't need to commoditize everything. Please stand with me in condemnation of paid bathrooms.

## Where did you stay?

After a great stay in a hotel in Pineda de Mar, I was excited to head back to hostel living. In Valencia, I slept at the [Red Nest Hostel](https://addlink) which while a bit too cozy (room of 8), was a very homey experience. The hostel provided both a free lunch everday and an excellenet opportunity to sit and meet travellers from around the world. I especially enjoyed talking to the hostel staff because every one of them had interesting stories to tell of previous travellers.

I stayed in a room of 8 people, and in just a few short days I met people from England, Ireland, Argentina, Hondruas, Brazil and France - put simply, a whole lot of countries. For most of the days, my bunkmate in the bed below me was a girl from France, who didn't speak English, so I got a great opportunity to practice[^1] some French from high school.

## Walking the streets

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-streets-pretty.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="valencia pretty street picture"
/>

I take a lot of pictures of the various cities I have been visiting, but this one is by far my favorite so far. I got the picture at just the right time as the sun was setting, enjoy. I would hang this in my room at school.

## University of Valencia

As usual, I made a stop at the University of Valencia. I didn't spend any time studying here, but the walk through their courtyard was quite nice. Many universities in Spain have smaller, more specialzied parts of their university spread out through the city, with one large comprehen

You can also see that the signs aren't in Spanish or English, and not even Catalan. That language is [Valencian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valencian_language). Valencian is very similar to Catalan with small distinctions in pronunciation, vocabulary, and verb conjugation. These two languages are so close, that most linguists consider them the same language just with two different names.

Basically, if you can only speak one language and you want to be a trilingual as soon as possible, this is your best bet.

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/university-of-valencia-entrance.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia entrance"
/>
<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/university-of-valencia-courtyard.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia courtyard"
/>

## Valencia Central Market

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-market-baked-goods.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia entrance"
/>
<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-market-fanta.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia courtyard"
/>

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-market-horchata.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia entrance"
/>

Pancake batter

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-market-squid.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia courtyard"
/>

## Valencia City of Arts and Sciences

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/menu-del-dia.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="menu del día"
/>

## Champion's League Final

If you don't follow soccer (or football since we are in Spain), the Champion's League is annual soccer league/tournament where the best of European clubs compete for the title of top club in Europe. This tournament is especially signficant because competing teams don't have to be from the same country. This fact makes it a truly internnational competition across the European continent.

During one of my last nights in Valencia, the Champion's League Final was set to be played. This match culminated months of competition by dozens of teams. You can think of this match as a sort of [European Super Bowl](https://addlink) - it's a huge deal.

This year the fixtures had Spain's top club, and my personal favorite [Real Madrid](https://addlink)[^1] playing the top club in England right now, [Liverpool](https://asdjfasdf). I made sure to cut out some time to go watch the match at a local bar. I ended up staying in a neutral German bar (this is important because since we are near Barcelona most people don't like Real Madrid), and I had a blast. Take a look of my view of the match:

## What have I been eating?

explain cultural value
(-write- paella)

(-write- meal summary)

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/menu-del-dia.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="menu del día"
/>

Notice that there are a standard three courses - an appetizer, a main course and a dessert. What's cool about eating this way is that all the extras are included. This means a beverage[^3] of your choice, olives for the table, fresh bread and a pastry with coffee for dessert. All of this is usually €10 to €12.

My expert opinion: **_a pretty good deal._**

What I've been doing is eating one large meal at midday. The problem is el menu del día is only available for a couple hours, usually between 1 PM and 3 PM, so if you miss it you're out of luck!

I'm planning on discussing Spanish cuisine every week. In the meantime, enjoy this meal that I took pictures of. I added descriptions on each picture, so we can be foodies together.

**Course 1:** Cold Salad with Pasta

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/cold-salad.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="cold salad"
/>

This salad was pretty yummy. That sauce you see on top is a mixture of mayonnaise and some house sauce. Also notice the [Vichy Catalan](https://www.vichycatalan.com/en/our-brands/vichy-catalan-genuine/), which is a very good brand of Spanish carbonated water. It's famous for its distinctly salty taste.

**Course 2:** Merluza with Fries

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/merluza-with-fries.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="merluza with fries"
/>

Merluza (also known as Hake) is a type of fish that is extremely common in Spain. In fact, [half](<https://www.seafoodsource.com/pricing/market-reports/spain-has-its-hake-and-eats-it-too#:~:text=The%20annual%20consumption%20of%20hake,and%20Aquaculture%20Products%20(EUMOFA)>) of all the Merluza eaten in Europe is eaten in Spain! The lemon on the side was a nice touch. Most second courses are served with fries or some kind of side like salad.

**Course 3:** Coffee with Milk

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/coffee-with-milk.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="coffee with milk"
/>

I've never been much of a coffee drinker, but I'm really enjoying drinking coffee at the end of meals. I also like how the coffee isn't too large. I've been switching through different types of coffee every meal to try to figure out what I like. This meal I only got a coffee for dessert, but sometimes your coffee also comes with a pastry. Again, this is all included in the single price for the meal.

# Miscellaneous

## What have I been listening to?

<a href="https://open.spotify.com/album/6IGDCUkBJ3LEUoAcoTD46u?si=eKU5ojqARGypO5M1Cd6y3g">
  <img
    src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/phony-ppl-yesterdays-tomorrow.jpeg"
    width="400"
    alt="Last Dinosaurs Yumeno Garden"
  />
</a>

_Yesterday's Tomorrow_ - Phony Ppl

Somehow

<a href="https://open.spotify.com/track/1n7Nk7EETXFePv0MJASaA8?si=3b120c30cf40466e">
  <img
    src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/last-dinosaurs-flying.jpg"
    width="400"
    alt="Last Dinosaurs Flying"
  />
</a>

_Flying_ - Last Dinosaurs

Trust me, just listen to this.

## Where am I headed next?

(-write- Alicante)

Next up I'm changing regions and heading to Valencia. I'll be staying in the capital city of the region, also called Valencia. Yes, Valencia the city, in the province of Valencia in the region of Valencia. Not confusing at all.

## Closing note

Feel free to add any comments or reactions below. To do so, you'll have to make a GitHub account with is free and really easy. You can make a GitHub account by clicking [here](https://github.com/join). If you want to send something privately feel free to email me at [hello@jseanpa.tel](mailto:hello@jseanpa.tel). Thanks for reading, it means a lot. I'll see you again soon.

## Footnotes

[^1]: French
[^2]: Real madrid

Commit message:

chore: added third post music and where to next

data/blog/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia.mdx, after:

---
title: 'City Streets and Sights in Valencia'
ogtitle: 'City Streets and Sights in Valencia'
date: '2022-06-30'
lastmod: '2022-06-30'
tags: ['Valencia', 'Spain', 'music', 'food', 'beach']
draft: false
summary: 'In this one we talk about my journey south to Valencia and my experiences in the city'
images:
  [
    '/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/pineda-streets.jpeg',
    '/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/calella-fish-market.jpeg',
  ]
authors: ['default']
---

# Overview

¡Hola a todos! We're back! Loved all the comments I got - keep them coming.

I also got some private messages asking about notifications when new posts go live. If you didn't already know, there is a mailing list for this blog where you can get updates when posts become available. If you want to be added to the mailing list simply submit a response in the following form. The mailing list is available in both English and Spanish.

<form
  action="https://formspree.io/f/mayvzdwe"
  method="POST">
  <div className="mb-6">
    <label for="text" className="block mb-2 font-medium text-gray-900 text-md dark:text-gray-300">Your full name:</label>
    <input type="text" name="full name" id="fullname" className="bg-gray-50 border border-gray-300 text-gray-900 text-sm rounded-lg focus:ring-primary-500 focus:border-primary-500 block w-full p-2.5 dark:bg-gray-700 dark:border-gray-600 dark:placeholder-gray-400 dark:text-white dark:focus:ring-primary-500 dark:focus:border-primary-500" placeholder="Juan Doe" required/>
  </div>
  <div className="mb-6">
    <label for="email" className="block mb-2 font-medium text-gray-900 text-md dark:text-gray-300">Your email:</label>
    <input type="email" name="email"id="email" className="bg-gray-50 border border-gray-300 text-gray-900 text-sm rounded-lg focus:ring-primary-500 focus:border-primary-500 block w-full p-2.5 dark:bg-gray-700 dark:border-gray-600 dark:placeholder-gray-400 dark:text-white dark:focus:ring-primary-500 dark:focus:border-primary-500" placeholder="juandoe@mail.com" required/>
  </div>

  <fieldset>
  <legend className="sr-only">Languages</legend>
  <div className="flex flex-col mb-4">
    <label for="email" className="block font-medium text-gray-900 text-md dark:text-gray-300">Your preferred language:</label>
    <div className="flex items-center">
    <input id="country-option-1" type="radio" name="preferred language" value="English" className="w-4 h-4 border-gray-300 focus:ring-2 focus:ring-primary-300 dark:focus:ring-primary-600 dark:focus:bg-primary-600 dark:bg-gray-700 dark:border-gray-600" checked/>
    <label for="country-option-1" className="block ml-2 text-sm font-medium text-gray-900 dark:text-gray-300">
        English
    </label>
     <input id="preferred-language-option-2" type="radio" name="preferred language" value="Spanish" className="w-4 h-4 ml-4 border-gray-300 focus:ring-2 focus:ring-primary-300 dark:focus:ring-primary-600 dark:bg-gray-700 dark:border-gray-600"/>
    <label for="preferred-language-option-2" className="block ml-2 text-sm font-medium text-gray-900 dark:text-gray-300">
      Spanish
    </label>
    </div>
  </div>

</fieldset>
  <button type="submit" className="text-white bg-primary-700 hover:bg-primary-800 focus:ring-4 focus:outline-none focus:ring-primary-300 font-medium rounded-lg text-sm w-full sm:w-auto px-5 py-2.5 text-center dark:bg-primary-600 dark:hover:bg-primary-700 dark:focus:ring-primary-800">Submit</button>
</form>

Also, someone mentioned to me that they liked how the last post had more pictures and that it made it easier to see my experiences. I totally agree. So this post I'm going to have even MORE pictures. How about that.

# Background

This time I depart from the small Pineda de Mar, Catalonia to switch regions to the very populous region of Valencia - specifically to the capital city, also called Valencia.

## Where are you right now?

Right now I'm in the capital of Valencia, also called Valencia (for clarity, from here on out if I just say Valencia I'm talking about the capital city).

For reference, here is the region of Valencia on a map:

![Valencia on a map](/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-on-map.jpg)

<br> </br>

# My Travels

Done with the background, let's get into the travels.

## Train Logistics

After I got back to Barcelona, I caught a connecting train the next morning to Valencia. What was cool about this train was that it wasn't just any train, it was a bullet train. Check out these cool pictures:

As you can guess the train was very quiet and it went pretty fast.

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/bullet-train-front.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="pineda streets"
/>

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/bullet-train-seats.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="pineda streets"
/>

It was a long wait for the train in Barcelona, so when I was in the station I went looking for a bathroom. That's when I saw this terrible sight:

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/one-hundred-bathrooms.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="pineda streets"
/>

That's right, a paid bathroom. And even worse, there were **_only_** paid bathrooms in the entire train station. I think this is a good point for me to say, for the record, I think the concept of a paid bathroom is just attrocious. Why do we need to take something that is already a publicly available (as well as completely free) and just slap a 1 euro fee on it? If I really wanted to listen to music in the bathroom, I would just put in my headphones...

This is one of the ways I think Americanisms are rubbing off on Spain a little too much. We don't need to commoditize everything. Please stand with me in condemnation of paid bathrooms.

## Where did you stay?

After a great stay in a hotel in Pineda de Mar, I was excited to head back to hostel living. In Valencia, I slept at the [Red Nest Hostel](https://addlink) which while a bit too cozy (room of 8), was a very homey experience. The hostel provided both a free lunch everday and an excellenet opportunity to sit and meet travellers from around the world. I especially enjoyed talking to the hostel staff because every one of them had interesting stories to tell of previous travellers.

I stayed in a room of 8 people, and in just a few short days I met people from England, Ireland, Argentina, Hondruas, Brazil and France - put simply, a whole lot of countries. For most of the days, my bunkmate in the bed below me was a girl from France, who didn't speak English, so I got a great opportunity to practice[^1] some French from high school.

## Walking the streets

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-streets-pretty.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="valencia pretty street picture"
/>

I take a lot of pictures of the various cities I have been visiting, but this one is by far my favorite so far. I got the picture at just the right time as the sun was setting, enjoy. I would hang this in my room at school.

## University of Valencia

As usual, I made a stop at the University of Valencia. I didn't spend any time studying here, but the walk through their courtyard was quite nice. Many universities in Spain have smaller, more specialzied parts of their university spread out through the city, with one large comprehen

You can also see that the signs aren't in Spanish or English, and not even Catalan. That language is [Valencian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valencian_language). Valencian is very similar to Catalan with small distinctions in pronunciation, vocabulary, and verb conjugation. These two languages are so close, that most linguists consider them the same language just with two different names.

Basically, if you can only speak one language and you want to be a trilingual as soon as possible, this is your best bet.

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/university-of-valencia-entrance.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia entrance"
/>
<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/university-of-valencia-courtyard.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia courtyard"
/>

## Valencia Central Market

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-market-baked-goods.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia entrance"
/>
<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-market-fanta.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia courtyard"
/>

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-market-horchata.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia entrance"
/>

Pancake batter

<img
  src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/valencia-market-squid.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="university of valencia courtyard"
/>

## Valencia City of Arts and Sciences

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/menu-del-dia.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="menu del día"
/>

## Champion's League Final

If you don't follow soccer (or football since we are in Spain), the Champion's League is annual soccer league/tournament where the best of European clubs compete for the title of top club in Europe. This tournament is especially signficant because competing teams don't have to be from the same country. This fact makes it a truly internnational competition across the European continent.

During one of my last nights in Valencia, the Champion's League Final was set to be played. This match culminated months of competition by dozens of teams. You can think of this match as a sort of [European Super Bowl](https://addlink) - it's a huge deal.

This year the fixtures had Spain's top club, and my personal favorite [Real Madrid](https://addlink)[^1] playing the top club in England right now, [Liverpool](https://asdjfasdf). I made sure to cut out some time to go watch the match at a local bar. I ended up staying in a neutral German bar (this is important because since we are near Barcelona most people don't like Real Madrid), and I had a blast. Take a look of my view of the match:

## What have I been eating?

explain cultural value
(-write- paella)

(-write- meal summary)

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/menu-del-dia.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="menu del día"
/>

Notice that there are a standard three courses - an appetizer, a main course and a dessert. What's cool about eating this way is that all the extras are included. This means a beverage[^3] of your choice, olives for the table, fresh bread and a pastry with coffee for dessert. All of this is usually €10 to €12.

My expert opinion: **_a pretty good deal._**

What I've been doing is eating one large meal at midday. The problem is el menu del día is only available for a couple hours, usually between 1 PM and 3 PM, so if you miss it you're out of luck!

I'm planning on discussing Spanish cuisine every week. In the meantime, enjoy this meal that I took pictures of. I added descriptions on each picture, so we can be foodies together.

**Course 1:** Cold Salad with Pasta

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/cold-salad.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="cold salad"
/>

This salad was pretty yummy. That sauce you see on top is a mixture of mayonnaise and some house sauce. Also notice the [Vichy Catalan](https://www.vichycatalan.com/en/our-brands/vichy-catalan-genuine/), which is a very good brand of Spanish carbonated water. It's famous for its distinctly salty taste.

**Course 2:** Merluza with Fries

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/merluza-with-fries.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="merluza with fries"
/>

Merluza (also known as Hake) is a type of fish that is extremely common in Spain. In fact, [half](<https://www.seafoodsource.com/pricing/market-reports/spain-has-its-hake-and-eats-it-too#:~:text=The%20annual%20consumption%20of%20hake,and%20Aquaculture%20Products%20(EUMOFA)>) of all the Merluza eaten in Europe is eaten in Spain! The lemon on the side was a nice touch. Most second courses are served with fries or some kind of side like salad.

**Course 3:** Coffee with Milk

<img
  src="/static/images/beach-time-in-pineda-de-mar-catalonia/coffee-with-milk.jpeg"
  width="400"
  alt="coffee with milk"
/>

I've never been much of a coffee drinker, but I'm really enjoying drinking coffee at the end of meals. I also like how the coffee isn't too large. I've been switching through different types of coffee every meal to try to figure out what I like. This meal I only got a coffee for dessert, but sometimes your coffee also comes with a pastry. Again, this is all included in the single price for the meal.

# Miscellaneous

## What have I been listening to?

<a href="https://open.spotify.com/album/6IGDCUkBJ3LEUoAcoTD46u?si=eKU5ojqARGypO5M1Cd6y3g">
  <img
    src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/phony-ppl-yesterdays-tomorrow.jpeg"
    width="400"
    alt="Phony Ppl - Yesterday's Tomorrow"
  />
</a>

_Yesterday's Tomorrow_ - Phony Ppl

Here's a really talented group from Brooklyn that I've been listening to a lot. They describe themselves as, "soft rock of the early 80's, early 90's rap, or the mood music of today." Some of my favorite tracks from this album are ["Somehow."](https://open.spotify.com/track/2zk7TQx9Xa4yxYmsjgDCPp?si=dc2ee350546544aa) and ["Why iii Love the Moon."](https://open.spotify.com/track/2x5Frs6ts14U4MSLrQQlXg?si=465876f93ea64522). This album is from 2015.

<a href="https://open.spotify.com/album/6yrqWNoOLSZQZbECUTRyIC?si=DqMmrY9JSlmRUKRlDCOTgQ">
  <img
    src="/static/images/city-streets-and-sights-in-valencia/phony-ppl-mozaik.jpeg"
    width="400"
    alt="Phony Ppl - Either Way"
  />
</a>

_Either Way._ - Phony Ppl

Since the above album is a little older, here's a newer release from the group so you can get more of a current sound.

## Where am I headed next?

Next, I'm staying in the same region but I'm headed south to the city of [Alicante, Valencia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alicante). I'm going to check out the famous [Santa Barbara Castle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santa_B%C3%A1rbara_Castle), which sits on the mountain overlooking the city, as well as some other sights.

## Closing note

Feel free to add any comments or reactions below. To do so, you'll have to make a GitHub account with is free and really easy. You can make a GitHub account by clicking [here](https://github.com/join). If you want to send something privately feel free to email me at [hello@jseanpa.tel](mailto:hello@jseanpa.tel). Thanks for reading, it means a lot. I'll see you again soon.

## Footnotes

[^1]: French
[^2]: Real madrid
